David: ...we’re getting like professional actors on here. Ben: I know. The Human Torch was denied a bank loan. [music] Welcome back to Episode 40 of Acquired, the podcast about technology acquisitions and IPOs. I’m Ben Gilbert. David: I'm David Rosenthal. Ben: And we are your hosts. Today we are covering the 2008 merger of Activision and Vivendi Games, the parent company of Blizzard Entertainment. We’ve got a pretty wild episode because these companies have had a crazy history. It’s got a lot of ins, a lot of outs, a lot of what-have-you’s, and it’s really been kind of a winding path, there’s a lot of confusing names. So, we will try and demystify the winding river that is Blizzard Activision. David: Yeah, yeah. You look at this, like the merger happened between these two huge game companies, amd Blizzard and Activision. And probably Blizzard was like another public company like Activision; had a normal path there, you’d think, maybe IPO’d at some point. Nope. Turns out that they had been subsequently owned by the publishers of the Math Blaster software. Remember that, Ben? Ben: Oh yeah. David: Back in the day the holding company that owned Ramada and Days Inn hotels in the US, and then one of the French national water companies created by Napoleon III during the Second Empire in France. We’ll get into it on the show. Ben: We will, we will. David: This is going to be fun. Ben: Indeed. Before we dive in, we are skipping the part today where I usually ask you for podcast reviews and the part where I tell you about our Slack with a very, very important message. We are doing our first annual Acquired audience survey. So whether you’re a first-time listener or a long-time fan, we would love to hear your thoughts, and this is incredibly important to us and the future of the podcast. So even moreso than any sort of sharing with your friends or reviews, this is the one thing that we are asking you guys to do, please, as listeners, to give us your feedback and you’ll be able to find that at Acquired.fm/survey. So let me take a moment and say it’s incredibly important to us to understand you guys, our audience, for a few reasons. Number one is sort of the most obvious, is we need your feedback to make the show better. We need to understand what you like, what you don’t like, what sections do you skip. 